---
category: now
layout: now
title: 1.0.2
cover: 'assets/images/cover7.jpg'
navigation: True
nowPage: true
date: 2022-07-08 10:18:00
tags: now
subclass: 'post tag-test tag-content'
logo: 'assets/images/logo_white.png'
author: brandon
imagecredit_id: 'fallonmichaeltx'
imagecredit_name: 'Fallon Michael'
---
### Being a dad to a 7-month-old
Currently, this is undoubtedly a substantial part of my time. When I am not working, I spend time playing or bouncing my daughter to sleep. My wife and I have a schedule where we flip-flop the person on bath duty. It is incredible to watch my daughter's development. She is very close to four point crawling. She has been army crawling for about a month now. I try to read to her every night. Currently, we are reading [[Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince]].
I 've started doing my own reading immediate after reading to her before bed. For my exercise I have started waking up a little bit early to workout in our garage gym.

### Continuing full dad lawn care
Our lawn has been doing so well over the summer. I am very happy with the results. In the coming weeks we are going to have a lawn care company come out to aerate the lawn. Immediately after that I will be doing some overseeding. There are a couple of small bare spots that I hope to fill in.

### Udemy Python Course
I am working on finishing up a Python bootcamp course on Udemy. I am about halfway through the course now. I have learned a lot so far and am consistently looking for ways to apply the new knowledge.

### Building out my site and digital garden
Maintaining my site and digital garden has been something I am trying to keep up with. I currently have my site split into a Jekyll site and a Ghost Blog. I have several posts already created on my blog. I am trying to create a writing habit to create posts more consistently.
I have set up a new local digital garden in Obsidian. This Obsidian vault is strictly for creating atomic notes. It has been a lot nicer to have a dedicated vault that is easier to keep organized and separate from my daily notes.
