---
category: now
layout: now
title: 1.0.3
cover: 'assets/images/cover7.jpg'
navigation: True
nowPage: true
date: 2022-07-08 10:18:00
tags: now
subclass: 'post tag-test tag-content'
logo: 'assets/images/logo_white.png'
author: brandon
imagecredit_id: 'fallonmichaeltx'
imagecredit_name: 'Fallon Michael'
---
### Hiring a new employee to my department
With the addition of the Flatiron Library consortium to Marmot we decided that it was time to get another ILS administration on the team. Since I am the only current ILS administrator as well as manager of the department I have been finding myself a bit overwhelmed. Hiring the new person is going to be a great addition to the team. I am very excited about the candidates that applied. After completing the hire I will spend the next several months getting them up to speed on our systems.

### Preparing for passwords project
Marmot Library Network has been working on a project to enable patron account passwords. This is a project that will hopefully catch us up with current security standards. This project has been a bit frustrating because it has been consistently evolving. We consistently have to over communicate and repeat ourselves many times over to hopefully increase awareness and buy in. I will be happy when we are able to complete and archive it.

### Keeping up with a walking 1 year old
My daughter just turned 1 year old a few weeks ago. She also started fully walking roughly a week before her birthday. It has been a blast watching her develop and learn new things. It seems like she learns really quickly and learns stuff that I didn't even think we had started teaching her. It is great that my wife and I are able to work from home so that we can spend time with our daughter and impact her development in a positive way.

### Focusing on getting becoming stronger in indoor cycling
I have really been enjoying indoor cycling and specifically indoor cycling workouts. As someone who has never liked cardio based workouts this is saying a lot. I have been trying to figure out the most optimal way to increase my strength and power output while also increasing my health. I recently subscribed to a year long TrainerRoad subscription to get access to their workout programs. I had been using the ones in Zwift but noticed that based on information from my Garmin watch that I was really only working on my base aerobic levels without impacting threshold or Vo2max levels. So now when I do my rides I have Zwift, TrainerRoad and Garmin all going at the same time. It is quite the set up but I think it is getting me the results I was looking for.