---
category: now
layout: now
title: 1.0.4
cover: 'assets/images/cover7.jpg'
navigation: True
nowPage: true
date: 2022-07-08 10:18:00
tags: now
subclass: 'post tag-test tag-content'
logo: 'assets/images/logo_white.png'
author: brandon
imagecredit_id: 'fallonmichaeltx'
imagecredit_name: 'Fallon Michael'
---
### Training a new hire
If you have been keeping up with these now posts you will know that in March I was in the middle of a hiring process for a new employee for my department. We completed that process and my new hire started on April 26, 2023. The last week and a half I have been working on getting them up to speed on how we operate. So far I think my training process has been very successful. Training someone while working remotely is quite a bit different than what I am used to doing. I am being mindeful of providing them with with opportunities for hands on work with real tasks while I monitor them. I am also being mindful of giving them time between tasks to process their notes into documentation that we can utlize in the future.

### Trying to get more organized
I have started using [Akiflow](https://akiflow.com/) to help organize my tasks throughout my day. I was having trouble scheduling all my work into the day and was finding a hard time being as productive as I wanted to be. So far with Akiflow I have todoist, jira, slack, and github integrated so that I can pull in all my work from all those sources. So far I have found that I have been able to be much more structured and organized than I was able to be previously. I also reinstated my [Sanebox](https://sanebox.com) subscription to help process email a little more efficiently. I really like that it can manage to clean out most of the junk in my inbox so that I only left with emails that I can do something with.

### Spring means work on the lawn
I plan on continuing my work on our lawn that I started with last year. So far I have applied a preemergent and postemergent to the lawn to help with those spring time weeds. I plan to put down some fertilizer or liquid aeration this weekend. I'm just trying to decide if the liquid aeration will help the fertilizer later on.

### Preparing for a Wedding Shoot in June
I have a photography client schedule in June. I will be shooting their wedding in Glenwood at the Hotel Colorado. I am really looking forward to shooting another wedding. Each wedding takes a ton of work to prepare for and then even more time to process afterward. Even with the amount of work that is required, I still find that them rewarding.

### Still doiong indoor cycling 
I have been keeping up with my indoor cycling workouts. Right now I am cycling three times per week using a TrainerRoad program. I feel like I am getting stronger. I am also happy to report that my FTP has increased to 161. I have been trying to decide if I want to fill in the days that I am not cycling with weight training. I'm starting to feel a little soft.